So next is reset benefit which we
also call restoration, here you get 100%
restoration, if you read the terms and
conditions then it is already written in the pointer
that 100% of any sum insured will be restored
for any illness, disease or
injury, so people get happy
but here some terms and
conditions are also written which you need to understand,
restoration is one of the important features
in your policy which
plays a very important role at the
time of hospitalization, especially if it is a
family floater policy, but it becomes a
little difficult to understand
for a lay person because the sum is calculated in such a way
that he understands something and he can
buy the policy quickly, so in this video I will
try to explain to you with each example so that
you can apply it for every policy
that how restoration
works in that particular policy, suppose
a person has taken a policy of Rs.1 lakh which
we call basic sum  Let's say this and if he does not make a claim
for one year as per this particular plan, then
he will get Rs. 1 lakh as no claim
bonus which amounts to 20% no claim bonus. The
overall coverage he has is 10% to that means he has a
coverage of 12 lakhs. Now at this
moment suppose he gets a claim of Rs. 1 lakh,
from here he will easily get Rs. 12 lakhs
and he will have to pay Rs. 1 lakh from his pocket
because it is clearly written in the terms and conditions
that the restoration that happens is
not activated in your first claim.
Now tell that case. Now I am
talking about another person who has the
same coverage amount. Now suppose the
first claim of this person is of Rs. 11
lakhs because he already has a coverage of Rs. 12 lakhs, then
he will easily get Rs. 1 lakh. Now
people also have this doubt that if I get Rs. 1
lakh, I will get Rs. 1 lakh from here and Rs. 1 lakh
from here or  Then if you get ₹ lakh from here
or ₹ lakh from here, then
what is the sequence of exhaustion, then the sequence is always
followed that first your basic sum insured will
start getting exhausted and later this no
claim bonus will start, so in this scenario
your basic sum insured becomes
zero and you would have
saved ₹ lakh on the no claim bonus because the sequence gets exhausted in this manner,
which is
clearly mentioned in the terms and conditions, what will be the
sequence of exhaustion, now suppose next
hospitalization happens, there
they need ₹ lakh, now the overall
coverage that is left with them is only
₹ lakh, in this case restoration will be triggered
because as many times our basic sum
insured keeps decreasing, the restoration will keep
refilling it and pushing it forward
up to ₹ lakh, so in this ₹ lakh
claim restoration will get triggered
because because your basic sum insured  It has become
zero, so it will be restored here,
whatever amount is required,
in this case it will restore you 4 lakhs which will
come from here and the overall total will be 5 lakhs,
you will get this claim, your
basic sum insured is restored, so
whatever amount is required is
restored, but
what will be the maximum, up to 10 lakhs, it has
also been clearly mentioned in the terms and conditions
that it will not exceed the annual sum in short, so
your restoration is that it cannot
exceed your annual sum in short from the basic annual sum insured,
you
cannot restore it 10 times in a single hospitalization, always the
restoration happens in different hospitalizations, that means it happens
in upcoming hospitals, so
the maximum you will get is 10 lakhs only,
because your basic sum was
₹ 1 lakh, this restoration will be useful for you in in-patient, that means it will be useful at the
time of hospitalization, it will be useful in day treatment procedures
and for AYUSH you  You
can utilize it. Here the companies have
added one more condition for the restoration to be eligible for related and unrelated
diseases. Related means that if
I go for hospitalization and
I have done any heart-related surgery and suppose
I am going for the upcoming hospitalization again,
that too is related to the heart, then that is
called related disease and there is another one
that suppose I went for the first heart surgery,
now I go for the second time for knee
problem, that will be your
unrelated disease, so in this particular
policy, it is covered for related as well as
unrelated, but if there is a
related disease, then here
you can trigger restoration for the related disease only after 45 days,
if
you go for a related disease within 45 days, then your
restoration will not be triggered,
which is clearly mentioned here,
which seems to me a little drawback in this policy,
next is bariatric surgery cover.
Here you can see up to two years of summation cover,
but it has a waiting period of two
years. However, there are some terms and conditions which are
also important to check. The most important condition for using this feature is
that your body mass index should be
greater than or equal to 40 and your age should
be 18 plus. On top of that, if a
medical practitioner has given you a prescription, then
only you can go for bariatric surgery.
Bariatric surgery means weight loss
surgery. If you have any of
these four health conditions and your BMI
is 30 or more, then also you can get this surgery done,
but it
is necessary to give the doctor's prescription in the medical return. One thing you have to keep
in mind is that you will be able to utilize only your basic summation
cover for this surgery.
If you have any power booster, inflation
cover, reset
benefit, anything like that, the summation bonus will
not be triggered here. That means you will
only have to depend on your basic summation
cover.  There is a waiting period of 24 months,
but if you have taken the Jump Start Rider, then
your waiting period will be reduced from two years to
30 days. So
that is a good thing, but keep in mind that
you will be able to utilize only the basic sum in short.
And one thing, you cannot get this done for cosmetic purposes. If you want to
look good, it is medically necessary, then it would be better if you do not get it done,
otherwise you will have to pay from your pocket.
Next is inpatient
hospitalization for surrogate mother.
You get a limit of up to Rs 5 lakh.
This is something new in this policy
for many people because till now you did not get
this feature in all the policies available in the market.
First of all, if
you want to avail this benefit, then you
must buy a policy of minimum 6 years, only then
you get this benefit, which is
also clearly mentioned in its terms and conditions.
Second, here you
also get a waiting period of 30 days.
That means taking the policy.
Your coverage will start after 30 days.
Many people may think that the surrogate
mother is getting cover, which means that
all the things related to the process will also be covered up
to ₹ lakh, but it is not so. The surrogate mother is getting
cover, not for the process.
After the surrogacy process, when the pregnancy is
confirmed, during that time, let's say, if any
complication arises at the time of delivery
or in the post-mortem, then
you get cover, which they have clearly
mentioned, complications arising out
of pregnancy or post-partum
delivery complications. And one more thing, when the
surrogacy procedure is completed and becomes
completely successful, after that the
surrogate mother gets cover for the entire next
three years, that means for 36 months. If
any complication
arises, let's say, to the surrogate mother, or if
any complication arises at the time of delivery, then
all those things will be covered.  Up to ₹ lakh.
They have
clearly mentioned it in the terms and conditions as well. If the
delivery is done through surrogacy, whether it is a
caesarean or a normal delivery, then that
delivery cost will not be covered, which
you can see here in the exclusions.
In short, it means that
you are not getting any money for the surrogacy procedure.
If the surrogate mother
faces any complication after that process. After
successful surrogacy, if the
surrogate mother faces any complication, then
you can claim that ₹ lakh there, that
too if you have followed the standard protocol.
Next is in-patient
hospitalization for that side donor,
which is covered up to 5 lakhs. If explained in a basic way, then
males have sperms and
females have ova. The basic meaning of that side is
that the ova has a
stage of growth before its maturation,
it is called that side, so
we extract it even before it is formed.
You should have done this, understand its meaning, he has clearly mentioned
that you will get coverage for the
next 12 months after the site travel has been
successful, the same condition applies here also, the
5 lakhs that you are getting will
not be given for the process, if you face any
complication and
in extraction then you will get it after going,
he has clearly mentioned here that next is
wellness program, now this thing
is a discounted program, brother, you
can get a discount of maximum 30%,
if you want to get a discount at the time of your renewal
then you have to do some things,
you have to collect points there,
if you accumulate points
then when your points are renewed then you are
given a discount of maximum 30% there, suppose there are 18 plus members in the floater policy, then
divide 30 by 2 to 15, an
individual person gets it on 15, friends, the
video has already become very big for me
All their ads have to be explained,
I have explained them better in part two
and in my opinion, the
bone of the entire plan is their
add-on, which is important to understand before you
decide whether you should go with this plan
or not. If you have already done a lot of
research and are confused whether you should
go with this plan and are not able to understand, then
you can get my one to one
consultation directly through video call.
I will personally tell you one of the best plans
for you, which can be the
best depending upon your
requirement, your budget, on the basis of your health condition.
I have already taken one
to one consultation of more than 200 people. You will get
some videos to watch,
I will also give the link of that in the description box,
so that you have confidence and if you have
any doubt, then let me know in the comment
section below. If you liked the video, then do give
a like because it motivates
me to keep making more such videos.
Thank you for watching this video Guy
have a nice day bye